chore: update release notes to support 0.54.0 (#194)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/releases/overview.md

[**Vega core software**](#vega-core-software) - Below, find a summary of each version's features and breaking changes.

From 0.54.0 the core repository also holds the data node and CLI wallet code, therefore the following code is included in the releases:

- The data node APIs allow for querying for historic information and for snapshots of the current state of the systems.

> - The code for the Vega Wallet CLI app is open source, and you can read about the contents of each release on the Vega Wallet repo.

Reviewer: Since the Wallet software has been OS for ages, do you think we need to call it out?

> - The code for the Vega Wallet CLI app is open source, and you can read about the contents of each release on the Vega Wallet repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The code for the Vega Wallet CLI app is now in the Vega repo, where a full list of changes can be found.
```

[**Token dApp on GitHub**](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/frontend-monorepo/releases) - The Token dApp, which provides an interface for interacting with VEGA tokens, is open-source and you can read the contents of each release on the Token Frontend repo.

[**Vega Capsule on GitHub**](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vegacapsule/releases) - Vega Capsule, which lets you create an instance of the Vega network on your computer to experiment with using the protocol, is public and you can resad the contents of each release on GitHub.

## Vega core software
The Vega core software is public on a business-source licence, so you can both view the repository change logs, and refer here for summary release notes for each version that the validators use to run the Vega mainnet. Releases are listed with their semantic version number and the date the release was made available to mainnet validators.

### Versions 0.54.0 | 2022-08-XX
This version was released to the Vega testnet on XX August, 2022.

#### 0.54.0 (XX August 2022)

For full details see the vega core [0.54.0 release page](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.54.0)

> **Breaking Changes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Breaking Changes
```

**Vega as a built-in application:**
Vega is now a built-in application, this means that Tendermint does not need to be started separately, providing a simpler, streamlined user experience for node operators. This introduces some breaking changes to the commands used when running a node:

- The `vega node` command has been renamed to `vega start`. 
- The `vega tm` command has been renamed to `vega tendermint`. 
- The `Blockchain.Tendermint.ClientAddr` configuration field has been renamed to `Blockchain.Tendermint.RPCAddr`. 
- The `init` command now also generates the configuration for tendermint, and also has the newly introduced flags `--no-tendermint`,` --tendermint-home` and `--tendermint-key`.
This work was all done in issue [5579](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5579)

**Remove `updateFrequency` in price monitoring definition:**

> The `updateFrequency` within price monitoring is not being used by the core protocol, therefore, this has now been replaced by the update frequency of the state var. This work was done in issue [5624](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5624)

Reviewer: What does "state var" mean?

> The `updateFrequency` within price monitoring is not being used by the core protocol, therefore, this has now been replaced by the update frequency of the state var. This work was done in issue [5624](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5624)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `updateFrequency` within price monitoring is not being used by the core protocol, therefore, this has now been removed. This work was done in issue [5624](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5624)
```

**Remove wallet support for launching a proxy in front of dApps:**
Introducing the proxy was a way to navigate the browser security that prevents webapps from being able to talk to local web servers; this is now no longer required and therefore has been removed. This has been carried out under the issue [5601](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5601)

> **Critical Bug Fixes**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Critical Bug Fixes
```

**Updating oracle termination causes the core to panic:**

> During a recent incentive on testnet it was found that user updating the oracle termination conditions on an enacted continuous market caused the network to panic. The oracle termination condition was set to be ten seconds in the future; when the network reached this time the core threw a panic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a recent incentive on testnet it was found that when a user made the oracle termination conditions to be set to be ten seconds in the future and before the market could be enabled; when the network reached this time the core threw a panic.
```

This bug has been resolved in [5668](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/pull/5668)

**Network parameter set to `0` can cause node startup failure:**
An issue was discovered using the [Market Simulator](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega-market-sim) when the governance parameter `governance.proposal.updateMarket.minProposerEquityLikeShare` is set to `0` in the `genesis.json`, this resulted in the node startup failing. The fix implemented in [5633](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5633) addresses this and allows the value to be `0`.

> **Cannot unregister order causing core to crash in Market Simulator:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cannot unregister order caused core to crash in Market Simulator:**
```

> When using the [Market Simulator](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega-market-sim) it was found that a "cannot unregister order" error was thrown and caused the core to crash. This bug has been resolved in [5663](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5663)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the [Market Simulator](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega-market-sim) it was found that a "cannot unregister order" error was thrown for pegged orders and caused the core to crash. This bug has been resolved in [5663](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5663)
```

> **Entering an auction caused by pegged order causes the core to panic:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pegged orders not removed from list after repricing:**
```

> It was identified that during a markets life when it is not in an auction and a pegged order gets repriced the order was removed from the book, however, it remained in the pegged list. If the market then goes into an auction the pegged order list is used to try to get the order from the book, however in this case the order no longer exists, causing a panic. This bug has been resolved in [5825](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5825)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was identified that during a market's life when it is not in an auction and a pegged order gets repriced, the order was removed from the book, however, it remained in the pegged orders list. If the market then goes into an auction the pegged order list is used to try to get the order from the book, but as the order no longer exists, it can't be done. This bug has been resolved in [5825](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5825)
```

> **Core**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Core
```

**Asset proposal:**
In order to complete the governance features, asset proposals have been implemented. This allows a user to propose and modify assets on the network via the governance process. This work was completed in [5242](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5242) and [5851](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/pull/5851)

**Tendermint:**
During the development of this software version, the team upgraded Tendermint to 0.35. This change would have brought breaking changes with it, however, the Tendermint project team announced this version will be discontinued. To find out more please see [this blog post](https://interchain-io.medium.com/discontinuing-tendermint-v0-35-a-postmortem-on-the-new-networking-layer-3696c811dabc). In light of this, the upgrade has been rolled back and Vega 0.54 will use the tendermint version 0.34.20. This work was done in issue [5249](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5249) and rolled back in issue [5804](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5804)

> **Data Node**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Data Node
```

**Move data node into the core repository:**
In order to simplify the  release process, running a node and manage dependencies across code repositories, the data node software has been incorporated into the core Vega repo. This work was done in issue [5613](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5613).

**Version 2 APIs:**
Since the introduction of the PostgresQL database and work to stabilise this, the team has now migrated all the APIs to use the new database. Version 2 APIs introduce pagination and filtering to provide a better user experience for people using the network both via the APIs and via dApps. This work was done in issue [5685](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5685) and issue [5660](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5660). Further work on the V2 APIs will be released in the next version.

**API improvements:**
In order to ensure API parity between the API types the gRPC endpoints have all been mapped to REST. Further work on the GraphQL APIs remains in progress and will be in the next version. This work was done in issue [5760](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/issues/5760)

> **Wallet**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Wallet
```
